Collum walked through the dark hallways that made up the Archemage's wing.
The Archemage was his father's most trusted advisor, and yet Ezran always
gave Collum the chills. Plus, his decor left something to be desired.
Each door in the hallway seemed more dreadful than the last. Strange smells
and sounds dominated the senses of any soul unlucky enough  to be tasked
with a journey to this part of the castle. 
Collum slowly walked through the hallway until he reached the end. There was
one large door at the end of the hallway. It was bigger than any other door, 
and it was a royal blue color. He slowly opened the door. A bat flew out. It 
was pitch black. He felt around until he finally found the light switch. He 
turned it on and was shocked to see what was in the room.
Yes, Collum was shocked to see his own face in a warped mirror. The features of his
face were deformed, stretched and compressed in discomforting ways. Recovering from the
scare, Collum took deep breaths to get himself back together. He then searched through the room and noticed it had a interesting collection of colored liquids. He saw the labels: poison, poison, poison, stronger poison, and- just what he was looking for. The potion of
youth. It's said that the effects would make your skin look flawless, which would
help cleanse the horrid wrinkles on the Archmage's face. He grabbed the potion and reached for the door, but all of a sudden, it slammed shut. He tried ferociously to break it open, but it wouldn't budge. Exhausted, he slumped down to the floor thinking, "I'm doomed."
As he cried for help, the mirror from inside the room shattered. Something breathed
heavily and growled from the direction of the mirror and got right up to Collum's face.
"No, no no no please no“. He was even too afraid to look up, but as he awaited for the death sentence, nothing happened.
"In order to take that, you have to leave something for trade." A mysterious low voice suddenly heard by his nearly crippled ears.
"Trade?" The words tumbled out of Collum's mouth, he was too busy trying
to make out the shape of the creature in front of him. "Indeed... There is 
only one thing that I want. Freedom." Collum said, "That sounds fair, what
do I have to do?" The darkness replied, "Say ahhh". Before Collum could react,
the shadows rushed into him. He struggled but only for a moment.

The guard didn't expect to see the young prince down strolling the halls here 
at such a horrificly early hour. He quickly straightened his posture,
"G-Goodmorning Lord Collum!" Collum's body shuddered in a way not unlike 
laughter, "Indeed it is, human."
